stuff is the police process as far as I
know there are no updates ellen is
currently out on holiday it's a holiday
in the UK testing infra and process Jim
so role was a conferences all last week
but I took the opportunity to mess
around with some DHT testing incident
get my secret there and my the cloud run
Google cloud run surrealist environment
I was playing with and figured out how
to hook in some of the visualization
work we've been doing and so now I can
run the tests and get like thousands of
separate traces with its full sets of
events and then click on them and see
the visualizations so I think it needs a
little bit more review but I think when
it lifted a bit more feedback on it and
then maybe you make a little video we
can circulate so the the visualizer
itself is also under development so I
don't know how much I don't know want to
know don't know if I want to post
screenshots of that publicly yet so ok
the other update here is watching not ok
the event first PR is still pending with
you garbage collector in pinning Alan
Shaw is still working on the garbage
function er I can see some commits from
four hours ago which means he's cooked
holiday but she's not doing so moving on
gossips of Vasco a distinctly the same
as it was last week basically you know
that yes which is released I just need
to update winter up here with the newest
version which I will do maybe today or
tomorrow and it will be ready to emerge
after that also I still blocked in the
GFS integration for code review and
that's it
okay.i subdomain gateways parodies
encoded SC ideas still are still pending
as a lipid PRC I can find that but a few
percent that it's actually in the notes
the I've seen itself I think it's this
like waiting for review from the p2p
team they were traveling and yeah under
something under I'm not seeing like
condors of me giving rapid consolidation
I Jacob yeah this is done so all of the
deprecation notices are out and we
released a slippery biota 26.1 which
includes all the modules version okay so
that I distributed signaling the same
yeah so I just got the web party
signaling working over a relay today so
I've got a proof of concept of that so
I'm going to work on abstracting that
out and updating the spec and commenting
there on a path forward for that I'll
push some code up tomorrow of that all
working and then I also gonna look at
leveraging other peers we talked about
the last week for ice because they're
currently we're using the default
servers that simple peer uses which are
set Google and Twilio ice servers so
hopefully we can use that for Abba nap
but I'm going to look into that is that
okay I eat it yeah so landed the make I
can't have summer puffs up like work
independently PR so that that works now
asterisk yeah so this means that if you
know it now takes like one DHT
query to get your pup's up your arcane s
records instead of us just waiting for
the timeout which is both not hitting
the number of quorum peers and also not
returning very fast kind of the worst of
both
unfortunately the bootstrapping that is
built in that is already there is too
low for one DHT query it's just our DHT
is too slow for the timeout we set and
while we could just fudge with the
numbers we want to make pub/sub
discovery better anyway which is where
my time will be going next
right now I'm working on putting some
utility tools for discovery so that we
can basically just like make things
usable and make them composable like we
have for content routing and there's an
issue link there if you are interested
also you go you own the call yeah so all
you so I want to get that spec for the
DNS I do know somebody Nancy out this
week probably a little bit scope down
without the local mdns parts and also
finish the definition of the deploy
process for the name servers so we can
actually test the the code it's an
actually actual running and name servers
it's about it ok second check status
something
okay uh next one migration to
multinational he's Davis tour is still
pending I not seeing any package manager
updates up its what it's the least was
something here we had a big song hack
week Dirk could you post the link to the
issue you wrote up I know it's not
really sure maybe I'll just explain
quickly and so myself and Steven were
working on bit stopped last week and and
we want to make a couple of protocol
extensions so at the moment in bits op
you can only really ask for a block
which means that it's difficult to find
out information about how blocks are
distributed throughout the network
because if you have to ask for a block
you know you you're getting back a lot a
lot of duplicate blocks and so we
proposed adding a mechanism whereby
peers can say whether they have or don't
have a block and we also are gonna be
kind of handling rate limiting a little
in a little more informative queen where
app you can say hey I'm being overloaded
and so then we can back off so basically
we'll try to keep here's busy meaning
you should always have a little bit of
pepper to send to us but we don't want
overload so yeah I'll be talking about
that next week turn that ipfs Cole I
next it's equally pre-factor so Alan
he's not here but I can talk I have been
working on it last week mostly so I
created two three new PRS for the
gesture which besides migration and
basically the status now is that I'm
kind of blocked in a set of peers
because I need to have Alan's reviewing
the interface connection which will be
probably the biggest blocker at the
moment and will allow us to get March
for five other modules and regarding the
the statues we are seventy two percent
of the PRS are now or merged or
open so only 28% are with any work so
far okay that's it for the status
updates any new designers Russell's
walkers asks yeah I was not sure if I
should put the RFC for the p2p spec in
review proposals or blockers so I think
that's blockers asks it's we're not
gonna go over some of you in I profess
that's okay I'll move it questions
how do pants that mean same I'm sorry I
always mess this up
no no worries that the last name is
worse it turns people's brains off at
airports what service who is it what is
the yeah a Dean ID
well I've pronounced that incorrectly
both times okay well good thank you very
much okay I then yeah so the ask this
week is for people to go look at people
to be see IDs are sorry
parodies as CID is RFC uh why would you
post a link under Walker's asks any
parking lots
just in general looking at kind of are
okay ours for the quarter as as kind of
encompassed in the project operations
chunk of things seems to be aiming for
for a really good end of quarter cadence
but just wanted to get like a general
hey we're about halfway through the
quarter how are folks feeling what's
folks take on things what what are the
things that people feel are most at risk
or need extra help the people
could maybe jump in on Oh
testing uh uh yeah
my concern is like we want to be able to
start cutting police's probably in the
quarter and I don't know how close we
are at about you I told the group kittib
a close one think people can jump on it
doesn't require a lot of context is just
like writing integration tests of a gun
for vests or JSF penis although I think
jess is better test go so if you're
interested in working on this kind of
stuff or into how that with for it
please be me and we can talk and try to
find but useful things to like tested
benchmark also yeah yeah
last week I did some finally got some
ability to get some good numbers out of
the DHT stuff and this is the version
that I was testing you had the tracing
stuff is way way way faster than the
current master stuff which I imagine
this because there's a lot of unmerged
things that are gonna go into the next
release yes that's the stabilized range
probably yeah does a lot of things to
avoid bad nodes yeah that's basically we
want to test this what happens when you
upgrade like the quarter there because
it was half Network all the network and
let's see how that affects the rest of
the network
yeah it's rather it's extremely dramatic
I would say in terms of weather but the
effect it has so but it'd be interesting
yeah that's just one test I'm doing so
there's a lot of different things to
test in would we be at all curious for
anyone who is currently like in a
private network or in their own space
having like DHT challenges to try like
running the stabilized branch in a
private network they're less likely to
have the problems we have I guess they
could try it but like if you deprive a
network like you they have a few nodes
like the DHT works just fine with
hundreds there are hundreds that are not
behind NASA just arts fighter pilot
artfully over
we have like out of thousand notes but
NASA stuff yeah yeah yeah the that
removing auto the be in Auto relay for
being a real a note from ipfs is that
gonna be a packed release thing or a
major release thing I I'm going to put
it into the master and then if we just
like he wouldn't motivate a press
release I don't think it's that
important because it's just like yes
it's me I would like to do but like not
that when people make that mistake
yes some people think it was sake but
not that when people yeah it would
motivate it release but like if we do do
impactful is that I'm sneaking it for
people lacking context here something
will turn on auto relay and really hot
at the same time and it will make
themselves part of relays and then they
will get tossed the idea here is to make
this not possible and say it looked like
you can like you want to be a relay or a
sorry not really
you have furnaces special a really
special thing you just rather look to be
demon instead you don't use that profess
there's no reason these have to be in
the same client but it's like it's
really all that's just because they
often names but it's really confusing
and usable trailer song without
realizing it and unfortunately because
they told the network that they are this
every day it's really hard to convince
everybody shields continues to be docile
forever basically
yeah maybe docks on maybe like you
should put some docks up on how to
rotate your pair ID or something of the
time yeah I mean a small feature that
but if they want it would be like a tool
for doing that like this is something
we've wanted for a while anyways so kind
of like a maybe I don't know if we go
under key or ID there's some security
concerns there but yeah basically did I
think we wanted this eventually but it's
not like it's burning the thing that
made my little bit actually
would be fixing me if I didn't following
looks like significant amount of the
traffic and the DHT is trying to find
relays and fixing that issue would
motivate apat release in which case you
probably sneaks it like this it
anything else yeah I think one more
question um I just wanted to get
clarification on like how we go to a
process for approving or just merging a
PR like when can we kind of made our own
yeah
when it has a approving review I guess
that's a question is it doesn't always
have to have an approving review
Stephen sorry my computer open across
the seas i yes one key Myrtle yard I
generally like I have a document on this
it's not very clear unfortunately but if
you look at how contributing guidelines
or sorry look at the trimming rebounder
contributing letters work oh I'm deep
describes have much from the process
where basically you need review from
someone ideally someone who have like
appears to know the code base like you
so I give you out familiar with the code
base look we can't play myself like at
and see like a feature jib before I and
then if you think it's ready you market
like this is the selling we probably get
better at but the journal process is
like you get one review of the new edge
and you can decide what to branch if
your gift like if you look on the other
side of this if you're giving a review
and it's ready to merge like say ok
looks good to me or like merge otherwise
like if you're giving your view that's
not good to merge either don't give a
green checkmark or give it a few Jack
Burkman explicitly state like but I
think someone else should look at this
ideally point to a person should look at
it
that's just my comment there I maybe we
should make that more explicit now yeah
in the past and so it just been like
well if someone gives it a review and
you can probably just merge it like
unless it's like some weird comment get
a change a lot of it is just like if
it's a breaking change pulling more
people who like have no context if it's
not a break engaging but small little
bit bug fix get someone will get it it
doesn't matter I mean specifically I've
been saving seeing more people like
merging their ideas without reviews so I
just kind of wanted to check on this
well that's okay that's me that's wrong
I shouldn't be doing that
I do that because like I'm trying to
push a bunch of stuff through all at
once and like I hate wavering I should
not be doing that
I also to get that out of this and I
would go over work for reviews I yeah
yeah I mean I don't think it's you I
think I've seen it a few places but it
depends on what you're doing
so like if it's a like if this is like a
really tiny adopt change like that or
the CI clicks it's fine it was like a
test fix it's fine if it's a new test is
fine
it's only like if like if you're making
an API change you definitely want a
review if you're making like the book
that's it's good idea to get a review if
you're like adding a feature you
definitely water if you stuff like that
we're like it was just like really over
time you kind of like what things
invisible things don't don't do what I
do it like I'm trying to get better at
this but I'm so lazy sometimes yeah
but yeah this is like you can think
thing is oh this is fine it's just a
small little change it won't matter
and then yeah some undocumented reason
for someone who agrees it just breaks
everything but it also make them clear
you try not to be stuck goes about stuff
like this for like basically do what you
think is best if something doesn't work
out you'll get pushback and then just
accept the feedback I because we don't
want to block on process and ceremony in
stuff like that okay I think that's it
see you all later
happy Monday